# Sentiment Analysis for Autistic Children
## Problem description 
Autistic people are members of our society who need support and care. Having an accurate sentiments analysis of such people helps us to improve their support and understanding, and to create a society that works for autistic people. Autistic people often have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dyslexia, anxiety, depression, and epilepsy. This means they may find it hard to look after themselves and need help with daily life. Autism is not a medical condition with treatments or a "cure". But some people need support to help them with certain things [2].
However, learning about children's sentiments with autism poses a particular challenge facing the caregiver (such as parents, teachers, nurses, etc…). In fact, they usually have difficulty interpreting their certain facial expressions, emotions, or tone of voice. This hinders their social interactions and the development of their language and behavioral skills. Therefore, in this work we seek to address the following question: How people shall behave with the autistic people to they not feel socially discomfortable?
## Proposed solution
Our proposed solution consists of proposing a system named “Society for Autistic People”. Anyone who has social interaction with a child with autism can use our system to upload a photo and/or video of the child with autism to learn about their feelings. This technology has the potential to change how we examine and monitor the development of children to develop their skills and understand their feelings with People who have social interactions with autistic people.
## Project objectives
This project enables medical practitioners, parents, nurses, teachers, etc… to upload the facial images of the autistic children to have a quick diagnosis of their feelings/sentiments. In addition, our system presents for them some recommendations and advice to more understand autistic people and interact with them.
